# COMP3900: Computer Science / Information Technology Project

| Name                         | Tutorial   | Team           |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | -------------- |
| Muhammad Abubakar (z5165087) | W14B 2-4PM | Blue Man Group |

## Week 1

- Group formed, selected the car space sharing system as our project and selected Tobias as the Scrum Leader. We created our Jira group and started discussing how we would go about our project. 
- Also did research on existing car space sharing platforms like Oscar.

## Week 2

- We had two meetings this week, one in class.
- Started writing the user stories - I wrote 'User' group of User Stories with Younggil.
- Made a Github account and managed to join the group eventually.
- Created a TO-DO list for the group of things we had to finish for the proposal

## Week 3

- We had several meetings this week.
- Created a proposal template document to make it easier to complete and have it clean and submittable right away.
- Finished off the user stories for User. Also reorganised the user stories on Jira to better fit our reframed objectives.
- I wrote the background for the proposal and descriptions for most of the user stories in the proposal. I also assisted with the system architecture descriptions.
- Also added all the screenshots and wrote up the sprint schedule.
- Comfortably finished proposal as a group.

## Week 4

- We had several meetings again this week.
- Basically implemented all the user stories w/ Tobias for the backend e.g. user auth, registration
- Specifically did user registration and log in/out among other things

## Week 5

- Had a meeting to walk through demo in advance of the class demo on Wednesday
- Had first demo with Rachid on Wednesday
- Had Retrospective A with the group, and was assigned the task of ensuring user update channels in our Discord are being used
- Had a sprint planning session to organise the work for Sprints 2&3

## Week 6
- Flexi week
- Started building the provider endpoints

## Week 7 
- Finished all the provider endpoints
- Modify the booking end point so it rejects attempts to double book
- Add str functions to all the models for nicerness in admin
- Started consumer endpoints
- Testing provider functionality
- Had two meetings throughout the week for check-in on progress with everyone

## Week 8
- Finished consumer endpoints
- Had a meeting before the demo on Tuesday
- Had second demo with Rachid on Wednesday
- Had Retrospective B on Thursday with the group, and was assigned the task of ensuring the backend was flexible enough so the frontend could progress quickly
- Had a sprint planning session to organise Sprints 4&5

## Week 9
- Cleaned up admin dashboard and added themeing to match the rest of the site
- Debugged any backend issues that were come across
- Fulfilled any requests made by the front-end pair to make their lives easier
- Moved logic into the models so it would be understood by django-admin

# Week 10
- Worked on the report, wrote the Functionality section and some of the 3rd party functionality and implementation challenges
- Also did the referencing for the report
- Testing and debugging any issues that arose
- Created a clean DB for demo and submission purposes
- Did the demo on Wednesday
