# COMP3900: Computer Science / Information Technology Project

| Name                    | Tutorial   | Team           |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------------- |
| Younggil Tak (z5192259) | W14B 2-4PM | Blue Man Group |

## Week 1

- joined Jira goup
- wrote epic/user stories and acceptance criteria for general user

## Week 2

- merged epic/user stories and acceptance criteria for general user with Muhammad's version
- joined github for the project
- discussed epic/user stories and acceptance criteria to fine-tune them.
- discussed epic/user stories of the novel features

## Week 3

- finished epic/user stories for general user
- finished storyboarding for general User(login/signup/personal details/activity history etc.)
- had a meeting on friday to finalize epic/user stories
- had a meeting on sunday to finalize storyboarding and finish a proposal for submission

## Week 4

- Thursday(3/10):
  - decided that I and Xinyi do front-end using React and Material-UI and Muhammad/Andrew/Tobias do back-end using Python Django framework.
  - I took Mainpage/Login/Login persistency/Signup/Forgot password part.[BMG-72/75/76/80/81/82]
  - Xinyi took User Details/Delete Account part.
- Saturday(3/13):
  - decided to drop MongoDB and use SQLite instead.
  - backend part has been mostly done except for forgotpassword endpoint and endpoints related to admin
  - I finished Mainpage/Login/Login persistency/Signup/Forgot password.
  - Xinyi dropped out and Andrew decided to take over what Xinyi was supposed to do.
  - due to the drop out, we decided to adjust the workload for the first sprint.
## Week 5
- Tuesday(3/15):
  - with Xinyi's drop, we decided to move User Details/Delete Account part to the next sprint and Andrew is working on User Logout logic and User Account Pop-up Modal.
  - back-end part and front-end part except for logout are finished.
  - checked Jira Board together to make it up-to-date with our current progress
  - tried using the website to find bugs and fixed bugs.
## Week 6
 - Flexi week.
## Week 7
 - Implemented Logout/Account details.
## Week 8
 - Implemented ProviderListView(ProviderSpaceInfo/ProviderSpaceBookingInfo/ProviderSpaceReviewInfo)
 - Implemented Add/Edit/Remove Car Space.
 - Working on ProviderHistory/MyCar
## Week 9
 - Finished Implementing ProviderHistory/MyCar.
 - Started working on Add Booking/Add or remove Favourites/ConsumerSpaceInfo
## Week 10
 - Finished Add Booking/Add,remove Favourites/ConsumerSpaceInfo
 - Implemented Home Search Bar and fine-tuned Leaflet Map
 - Fixed all the minor bugs with regards to map and authentications
